This segment is called, Two Out of Three Ain't Bad, based on the song.
So every week when we pick things to talk about, there are always a few news stories and fun things that kind of slip through the cracks just because we're trying to hit the big topics.
But I came up with this little segment to give us a chance to cover some of them.
I'm gonna explain a few quick stories to you and I need you guys to decide if it's a good idea or a bad idea.
The theory behind the name is that because there are three of you, there should never be a tie.
There will always be something that's either a good idea or a bad idea.
Okay.
All right.
Number one, the teenage engineering EP 1320 medieval.
There's a link there.
Good idea.
This is a new sampler based on the EP 133, the one that I have and can't shut up about.
But it is a medieval version.
For some reason.
What's different about it?
It has a new look with old English font, new graphics, a new colorway that's brown or beige, and best of all, it's filled with preloaded samples of instruments like the hurdy gurdy, harps, trumpets, Gregorian chants, torture chamber reverb, and even sound effects like swords, animals, and a dragon.
I think we should let the Swedish do anything they want.
Can I ask a sound question?
Sure.
Why is it not called the Midi-val?
The Midi-val.
Why is it not M-I-D-I-E?
That would be fantastic.
Do you guys want to hear some of the sounds that it has?
Teenage engineering.
I will take the partnership on that.
But it has special sounds?
Yeah.
It's got sword fighting.
Really?
This is a beat made with this device.
That's one.
This is another one.
All right.
Honestly, I feel like this is like half of indie game music.
That was just old school RuneScape.
Yeah.
True.
Good idea.
All right.
That's one for good idea.
Andrew Marquez.
Just because I love it doesn't mean it's a good idea.
That's where I wanna go.
No, I think it does, because I think it's gonna sell a bunch.
This is basically a special edition thing, and everyone always buys the special edition things.
I am more compelled to buy this than I was to buy the original version.
I can't deny this.
I have to say good idea.
Because it's so out of left field that it's gonna generate buzz, you know?
Bad idea.
I love when tech companies take their products and take photos of them in the grass or on a rock.
There's something hilarious.
Well, this makes sense to be on a rock.
What's funny is that during the interview with David Erickson, the co-founder that we had on a special waveform episode, go back and listen to it, I asked him, because this is going to be an EP series, and I asked him, are there going to be more of these?
And he said yes with a smirk.
This is not what I was expecting.
I love that the font is like old English.
Old English, yeah.
And they've renamed some of the things on it.
But even the digital font inside that changes is like alarm clock-esque but old English.
They're also selling a vinyl for $22.99 that I'm definitely going to buy because that's not even that expensive for a vinyl.
All right, so Marques, why is this a bad idea?
Et tu niche.
Fair enough, who niche?
You're not into Renaissance Fairs?
I'm not particularly, yeah, I'm sure there's, look, with every product it's a good idea for someone, I just think there's not enough of those people for this one.
All right.
It has a $100 medieval quilt bag carrier if you want to buy it.
The shipping is $16 on a $22 product.
It comes by carrier pigeon.
All right.
All right, well, the consensus, good idea.
I would love to put this on my desk and not know how to use it.
How does it?
Yeah, that's what I do.
$300.
It's the same price as the original EP 133.
I just want to reiterate that we should let the Swedish do anything right now.
Anything they want.
All right.
The second thing is Amazon's AI podcast picker.
Bad idea.
So we always talk about... Let me explain.
Okay.
We always talk about how podcast discoverability is bad.
And that's one of the reasons we throw it on YouTube, because it's a discovery engine.
That's true.
Amazon Music launched an AI feature that will help you find new episodes based on topics mentioned in the episode.
So, quote, to suggest relevant topic tags, podcast transcripts and descriptions are analyzed by AI alongside human review to identify key topics that are discussed in a particular episode.
So using AI for podcast discovery.
Good idea or bad idea?
And go first.
It is a good idea.
specifically.
It's a good idea.
I have a question.
I have an answer.
Does it only serve you different episodes of that same podcast or does it give you different podcasts?
Different podcasts and different episodes.
It's a good idea.
So we got one good idea.
What I'm assuming you're getting at is the idea is great, but the product person doing it maybe isn't.
Yeah.
It may or may not be good.
May or may not work well.
May or may not actually follow through, but that's fine.
This is just for the idea.
Yeah.
I like the idea.
Yeah, it's true.
I like any idea that helps podcast discoverability.
David?
My question is, how is this different from just googling the word?
What?
In the sample that it shows, it's the Stuff You Should Know podcast subjects, the duality of caffeine, and then the topics that it shows that you can then search for more podcasts about is caffeine, which is obvious.
Coffee, dopamine.
What if I just search those terms?
Wouldn't it show me podcasts anyway?
No, you might find a list that someone wrote on a website.
Yeah, or if it specifically has that name in the title, but a podcast search just sucks so bad.
I feel like you could have a hard time finding this, where if this is actually pulling from the content, and also not just that, but knowing the content of what it is.
So if you search coffee, it doesn't just mean they said coffee in the transcript once, but the topic is actually
This is an assumption, by the way, but considering I don't think it diminishes the experience.
I think it's a good idea.
Oh, so all good ideas.
OK, I never thought that I would think Amazon and A.I.
the same sentence would be a good idea.
Amazon idea idea.
We need to try it.
All right.
So good idea.
Next is the Ford Bronco and Mustang e-bike thingy.
Nice.
Yeah.
Ford is collabing with N Plus, an e-bike company, to release a Bronco and Mustang e-bike.
They have rear hub motors that put out max 750 watts of power and 85 nanometers of torque?
I don't even know what that is.
New meters.
New meters, thank you.
The Bronco will be rugged for all terrain use and has a dual suspension system that they're calling GOAT.
which stands for goes over any type of terrain.
Should it just be goes over any terrain?
Yeah, I think that's just all terrain means, doesn't it?
Yeah.
But then how will they get the goat?
Yeah, they need it to be called goat.
Yeah, it's got to be called goat.
This thing costs $4,500.
And the Mustang e-bike will cost $4,000 and there will also be a 60th anniversary edition that will be sold exclusively at Ford dealers.
But my question, e-bike versions of popular cars, good idea or bad idea?
Not for $4,500.
E-bike versions of popular cars.
I'm definitely leaning towards bad idea here, or just not a good idea.
You know, like there's a difference.
There's nothing wrong with, right?
There's no danger here.
It's just, that's not a good idea.
That's a great point.
It's like something that's not a good idea is not necessarily a bad idea.
Yeah.
Yeah.
I did not see this coming.
It looks cool.
The picture looks nice.
It looks fine.
Here's my biggest question about this.
If they're basing it off of old cars,
I would assume the majority of people who are very nostalgic about those old cars might not want to be traveling at 30 miles an hour on a bike anymore because they're a bit older and it doesn't feel the safest.
I'm not saying old people can't ride bikes.
I see.
What are you saying?
A lot of old people are riding bikes.
I feel like spending $4,500 on a bike
Well, here's an e-bike.
Here's a counterpoint.
Porsche's e-bike is $10,700.
Damn, this is a good deal, then.
My take is that there are a bunch of white label e-bike brands that go to car manufacturers and say, want to make a ton of money?
And then they just put the name on it.
and then they don't make a ton of money.
And then they don't, because nobody buys it.
I've literally never seen anyone with one of these.
I doubt you ever will.
I mean, apparently there's the, gosh, Polestar bikes, too, right?
There's a Bugatti scooter out there somewhere in the wild.
The Bugatti scooter is Shepskus.
Oh, so that's a good idea.
No, it is terrible, and I love it so much.
I'm going to say bad idea, because I don't think they're going to sell any.
Okay.
Yeah.
I'm also going to say bad idea, even though the color matching paint is kind of cool, what they did with the red bike and the red old Ford.
That's my favorite part about it.
That's pretty cool.
But yeah, that's about it.
I'll go good idea because it looks nice.
It was well designed.
And if you're OK with paying a bunch of extra money for nostalgia and looks on any bike, I don't see any reason not to get this.
Except that I think the company is going to spend more money on making these than they're going to actually sell.
I ain't losing any money on it.
Good idea.
Two out of three ain't bad.
Two out of three ain't bad, but it's still a bad idea.
If they did a Pikachu e-bike, I think it would sell way more than this.
Hey, if you enjoyed that clip, since there's a lot of scraping of YouTube videos going on right now,
seems like it's just fair game so you might as well scrape the like button in the comment section of this YouTube comment scrape you might as well comment scrape or scrape comments whichever no you shouldn't do that probably just comment scrape yeah don't
Yeah.
Yeah.
Don't scrape.
Yeah.
That's against the terms of scrape is becoming one of those words that sounds weird now.
Yeah.
Don't AMD don't scrape.
Okay.
That's it.
The end.
Bye.
Bye.
